Superdense Coding Kata: Add EntangledPair task (#1408)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superdense_coding/entangled_pair/solution.md

> Recall that this is $|\phi^{+}\rangle$ bell state. We have already prepared the Bell Superposition kata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recall that this state is $|\Phi^{+}\rangle$ Bell state that we have already seen in Multi-Qubit Gates and Superposition katas.
```

> Recall that this state is $|\Phi^{+}\rangle$ Bell state that we have already seen in Multi-Qubit Gates and Superposition katas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recall that this state is the Bell state that we have already seen in Multi-Qubit Gates and Superposition katas.
```
